In front of our sister
What is the Duke of Jin?
General, you have made great achievements
high weight
The Duke of Jin naturally dare not see your majesty far away
But why would you use power?
Forcing a little girl like me
Then you use the power of the Duke of Jin
When bullying my junior sister
Have you ever thought about today's outcome?
Hey, hey, everyone, adults
Is there any misunderstanding in the middle? Hahaha.
Ah!
Ahhh, how can you hit someone?
A gentleman does not move his mouth
Endure you for a long time
What are you?
How dare you bully my junior sister?
I am the emperor's lighter champion
Today I'm here to receive the decree
If you hit me, it will be disrespectful to the emperor
Ah!
So what happened?
Today is my son's celestial feast
Shenger is on top
You are all presumptuous
How about filial piety?
Could it be that I can become your servant?
His Royal Highness
Song Yi is the champion appointed by the emperor today
Except for his face
But it is to serve the face of the current emperor
Your Highness, repeat it again
From now on
Everything.
All for my sister
Sangning let the knife
Junior Sister, can Song Yu become the champion today?
It's all up to you
Hahahaha
Mourning mother, give me your phone
As long as you give him to me
I promise you everything.
You can give me anything
Yes!
All names
I can even give you the title of wife.
Song Ye, go away